kubeai: README update (#976)
opea-project/GenAIInfra: kubeai/README.md

## Text Generation with Llama-3 on Gaudi

> The following command will deploy the `Meta-Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct` and/or `Meta-Llama-3.3-70B-Instruct` model with vLLM engine using Gaudi accelerator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following commands will deploy `Meta-Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct` and `Meta-Llama-3.3-70B-Instruct` models (with the vLLM engine) using Gaudi accelerators.
```

Author: fixed

```
# Meta-Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct model
kubect apply -f models/llama-3.1-8b-instruct-gaudi.yaml -n $NAMESPACE
# Meta-Llama-3.3-70B-Instruct model
kubect apply -f models/llama-3.3-70b-instruct-gaudi.yaml -n $NAMESPACE
```

> The rest is the same as in the previous example. You should see a pod running with the name `model-llama-3.1-8b-instruct-gpu-xxxx` or `model-llama-3.3-70b-instruct-gpu-xxxx`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rest is the same as in the previous example. You should see a pod running with the name `model-llama-3.1-8b-instruct-gpu-xxxx` and/or `model-llama-3.3-70b-instruct-gpu-xxxx`.
```

Author: fixed
